if this was unfolding before the world
and any of these candidates were sitting
in the Oval Office the call to Israel's
leadership would not be one of restraint
but escalation the first thing I said to
him when it happened was I said finish
them I would tell him to smoke those
terrorists on his Southern border and
then I'll tell him as president of the
United States I'll be smoking the
terrorists on our Southern border you
must go in and make sure that Hamas can
never do this again I would tell Prime
Min prime minister yaho not only do you
have the responsibility and the right to
wipe Hamas off of the
map we will support you and some pledged
to escalate us involvement against
Iranian backed forces in the region I
would say you you harm a hair on the
head of an American Service member and
you are going to have hell to pay Iran
responds to strength you punch them one
and you punch them hard and they will
back off
R there seemed to be a consensus on
cracking down on colleges that allow Pro
Palestinian protests potentially cutting
off their funding and kicking foreign
students out of the country if they
participate the war in Gaza was the
first policy questions and answers of
the debate notably in the two hours that
followed there wasn't a single question
a single statement or even the mere
mention of Palestinians and their plight
Patty Kain Al
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer